Feature/doc restructure rclc (#13)
microROS/micro-ROS-doc: rclc/Architecture.md

# Architecture

rclc is composed by four main C structures:

1. rclc_node_t:

    Represents a ROS node.
    This structure holds the rcl_node along with the list of subscriptions created by the user.

1. rclc_publisher_t.

    Represents a ROS publisher.

>     It holds the rcl_publisher instance and keep tracks of the node which created it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It holds the rcl_publisher instance and keeps track of the node which created it.
```

1. rclc_subscription_t.

    Represents a ROS subscription.
    Composed by the rcl_subscription along with the message type_support for the subscribed topic.
    It contains a pointer to the user callback that is used on every new message on the topic.

1. rclc_message_type_support_t.

>     Used to get the type required functions like serialization/desserialization along with the type representation in C language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Used to get the type required functions like serialisation/deserialisation along with the type representation in C language.
```

    This type-support is generated from .msg files tying the functionality to the specific middleware used.
    To obtain the implementation you want, rclc provides with a utility macro: `RCLC_GET_MSG_TYPE_SUPPORT`.

>     Message type support is composed by the size of the concrete type used and a the concrete middleware type-support for this type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Message type support is composed by the size of the concrete type used and the concrete middleware type-support for this type.
```

    To get this concrete type information we use a type-support system described in detail [here](rosidl_typesupport_microxrcedds/README.md).

## Building blocks: Nodes, Subscriptions, Publishers and Type-support

> User application can be built using rclc main building blocks: Nodes, Subscriptions, Publishers and the type-support mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user application can be built using rclc main building blocks: Nodes, Subscriptions, Publishers and the type-support mechanism.
```
